Questions Part I 

make a directory called first
change directory to the first folder
create a file called person.txt
change the name of person.txt to another.txt
make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
remove the copy.txt file
make a copy of the first folder and call it second
delete the second folder


Answers Part I 

mkdir first
cd first
touch person.txt
mv person.txt another.txt
cp another.txt copy.txt
rm copy.txt
cp -r first second
rm -rf second








Questions Part II

What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
How do you jump between words in the terminal?
How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
What is an absolute path?
What is an relative path?
What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?


Answers Part II

The man command opens a manual for any given command, showing different flags for how to use it. Scrolling is done via Enter, and exiting is done via Q/q
ls -l lists files in the long format which displays more information about the file/directory list; ls -a shows hidden files, which begin with a dot ('.')
option+arrowkeys
control+e 
option+leftclick
control+w 
The shell is the command terminal interface itself, whereas the terminal is a software program that wraps the shell and allows us to use it
An absolute path is a path written to access anything FROM the root/home directory
A relative path is a path written to access anything relative to the CURRENT directory 
Flags are extensions that are attributed to commands to give them more specificity. ls-a lists hidden files, ls-l lists files with extra information, such last modified date, size, etc.., and rm -f attempts to remove files without permission
-r and -f allow you to delete files within directories without permission, AS well as the directories themselves 